add sink documentation (#1212)
mozilla/gcp-ingestion: docs/ingestion-beam/index.md

There are currently three jobs defined, please see the respective sections on them in the
documentation:

> * [Sink job](./sink-job/): A job for delivering messages betweenGoogle Cloud services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Sink job](./sink-job/): A job for delivering messages between Google Cloud services
```
